Separate type for onchain attestation aggregates (#3787)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/electra/validator.md

Changed the max attestations size to `MAX_ATTESTATIONS_ELECTRA`.

The network attestation aggregates contain only the assigned committee attestations.

> Attestation aggregates received by the block proposer from the committee aggregators with disjoint `committee_bits` sets and equal signing `AttestationData` SHOULD be consolidated into a single `Attestation` object.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be an `OnchainAttestation` instead?
```suggestion
Attestation aggregates received by the block proposer from the committee aggregators with disjoint `committee_bits` sets and equal signing `AttestationData` SHOULD be consolidated into a single `OnchainAttestation` object.
```

## Attesting

##### Modified aggregate signature

> *Note:* The `get_attestation_sinagure` is modified to use signing attestation data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note:* The `get_attestation_signature` method is modified to use signing attestation data.
```
